Come in, you beast
Don't you want to come in?
I'll be right here waiting for you. Can you come in?
It's too late to go now
Xiao Jishan won't let you go
The Xiao family is valued by the Lord God again
You make Xiao Ding clear
This is the reason to fight God
Operate, let's go in
Bah waste mourning heart
You just wait here to die
Today I will see how you live
I am Su Yuning, the god of Kunlun Temple Flame War
Dear, Saint King Lan values holding the child into the Gusu courtyard
Are we really going in?
After all, the Xiao family performs
Yeah.
Enter us for revenge
Not even an invitation
You're just waiting to be convicted
You can take it away if you leave without verification for a day.
I really thought I was capable
Can't take the sky
Light rain walk
Why didn't they hit you?
Why are they fighting?
Why don't you hit him?
Who told you to let him in?
You don't know who this is?
We are supervisors
I will definitely be the civilian judge
That's the job.
You just wait for the Lord to ask
Tianmen's work is only your turn to point and point
Give me more nonsense
Ah ah ah Xiao Ji Shan
I suggest you be quiet
Talk again
Today is the day your Xiao family goes extinct
Brother, don't be too complacent
You god
This is your death
Today is not the day I die
It's yours.
We'll see.
Come with me!
Take a day off, you wait for me.
I must kill you beast today
Family Master Xiao, don't worry.
Ye Longyuan, this kid is dead
Our Xiao family has a god-led disease
Looking at the time, whose background is stronger than our family's
Our Xiao family wants to become the first in China
Let Ye Longyuan at least be proud for a while
Yes, the Xiao family head will bear with him again
Wait until the Lord stands
That's when he died.